README.md, before:

﻿# Speaknow Dmytro

This project contains Playwright API tests for the JSONPlaceholder service.

## Installation

Use `npm ci` to install all dependencies exactly as defined in `package-lock.json` and install the browsers required by Playwright:

```bash
npm ci
npx playwright install --with-deps
```

## Running the tests

Execute the full test suite using:

```bash
npm test
```

This command runs the tests located in `src/tests` and generates an HTML report under `playwright-report/`.

Run tests for specific methods by listing them after the `test` command. Methods
can be separated with spaces or commas. Examples:

```bash
npm test get
npm test post get
npm test post,get,patch
```

## Test structure

All specifications live in `src/tests` and are grouped by HTTP method:

- `get.spec.ts`
- `post.spec.ts`
- `put.spec.ts`
- `patch.spec.ts`
- `delete.spec.ts`

Refer to [`docs/testCases.md`](docs/testCases.md) for the complete list of numbered scenarios.

## Assumptions and notes

Additional details about the overall approach and assumptions can be found in [`docs/testStrategy.md`](docs/testStrategy.md).

## Test data

Sample payloads and routes used by the tests are located under the `config/` directory. Their purpose and structure are described in [`docs/testStrategy.md`](docs/testStrategy.md).

## Limitations and known issues

Any current limitations are documented in [`docs/testStrategy.md`](docs/testStrategy.md). Known bugs discovered during testing are tracked in [`docs/bugReports.md`](docs/bugReports.md).

## File structure

```text
├── config/
│   ├── testData.json          		# Example request bodies
│   └── testRoutes.json         	# List of API routes
├── docs/
│   ├── bugReports.md          		# Known issues found during testing
│   ├── testCases.md            	# Matrix of all test scenarios
│   └── testStrategy.md         	# Test approach, scope and notes
├── scripts/
	   └── runTests.js      	# Script to run tests with specific methods
├── src/
│   ├── tests/                 		# Playwright specs grouped by method
│   │   ├── get.spec.ts
│   │   ├── post.spec.ts
│   │   ├── put.spec.ts
│   │   ├── patch.spec.ts
│   │   └── delete.spec.ts
│   └── utils/
		└──apiUtils.ts		# Reusable API helpers
├── test-report/
	   └── index.html   		# HTML report generated by Playwright
		
├── bitbucket-pipelines.yml    		# Bitbucket Pipelines configuration
├── playwright.config.ts        	# Playwright configuration
├── package.json                	# Project dependencies
├── package-lock.json          		# Dependency lock file
└── tsconfig.json               	# TypeScript configuration
```

Commit message:

add possibility to run tests by route e.g. npm test /users

README.md, after:

﻿# Speaknow Dmytro

This project contains Playwright API tests for the JSONPlaceholder service.

## Installation

Use `npm ci` to install all dependencies exactly as defined in `package-lock.json` and install the browsers required by Playwright:

```bash
npm ci
npx playwright install --with-deps
```

## Running the tests

Execute the full test suite using:

```bash
npm test
```

This command runs the tests located in `src/tests` and generates an HTML report under `playwright-report/`.

Run tests for specific HTTP methods by listing them after the `test` command.
Methods can be separated with spaces or commas. Examples:

```bash
npm test get
npm test post get
npm test post,get,patch
```

Tests may also be filtered by API route. Prefix the route with `/` and provide
one or more routes separated by spaces or commas:

```bash
npm test /posts
npm test /posts /comments
npm test /posts,/comments,/users
```

## Test structure

All specifications live in `src/tests` and are grouped by HTTP method.
The provided script also allows running tests grouped by route.

## Assumptions and notes

Additional details about the overall approach and assumptions can be found in [`docs/testStrategy.md`](docs/testStrategy.md).

## Test data

Sample payloads and routes used by the tests are located under the `config/` directory. Their purpose and structure are described in [`docs/testStrategy.md`](docs/testStrategy.md).

## Limitations and known issues

Any current limitations are documented in [`docs/testStrategy.md`](docs/testStrategy.md). Known bugs discovered during testing are tracked in [`docs/bugReports.md`](docs/bugReports.md).

## File structure

```text
├── config/
│   ├── testData.json          		# Example request bodies
│   └── testRoutes.json         	# List of API routes
├── docs/
│   ├── bugReports.md          		# Known issues found during testing
│   ├── testCases.md            	# Matrix of all test scenarios
│   └── testStrategy.md         	# Test approach, scope and notes
├── scripts/
	   └── runTests.js      		# Script to run tests with specific methods
├── src/
│   ├── tests/                 		# Playwright specs grouped by method
│   │   ├── get.spec.ts
│   │   ├── post.spec.ts
│   │   ├── put.spec.ts
│   │   ├── patch.spec.ts
│   │   └── delete.spec.ts
│   └── utils/
		└──apiUtils.ts				# Reusable API helpers
├── test-report/
	   └── index.html   			# HTML report generated by Playwright
		
├── bitbucket-pipelines.yml    		# Bitbucket Pipelines configuration
├── playwright.config.ts        	# Playwright configuration
├── package.json                	# Project dependencies
├── package-lock.json          		# Dependency lock file
└── tsconfig.json               	# TypeScript configuration
```
